Update instructions: nuke VDI and OOD; add ARE (#311)
COSIMA/cosima-cookbook: README.md

</a>

<a href="https://anaconda.org/coecms/cosima-cookbook">
    <img src="https://anaconda.org/coecms/cosima-cookbook/badges/version.svg" />
</a>

# cosima-cookbook

The COSIMA Cookbook is a framework for analysing output from ocean-sea ice models. The focus is on
the ACCESS-OM2 suite of models being developed and run by members of [COSIMA: Consortium for Ocean-Sea
Ice Modelling in Australia](http://cosima.org.au). But this framework is suited to analysing any MOM5/MOM6
output, as well as output from other models.

The cookbook is structured as follows:
 * This repository includes boiler-plate code and scripts that underpin the cookbook.
 * The [`cosima-recipes`](https://github.com/COSIMA/cosima-recipes) repository includes example
   notebooks on which you can base your analyses.
 * The [`cosima-recipes` template](https://github.com/COSIMA/cosima-recipes/blob/master/Tutorials/Template_For_Notebooks.ipynb)
   provides you with a template if you want to contribute your own scripts to the analysis.

## Getting Started

The easiest way to use the COSIMA Cookbook is through NCI's HPC systems (either via the Australian

> Research Environment (ARE), Open OnDemand (OOD), or on Gadi). The cookbook is preinstalled in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Research Environment (ARE), or directly on Gadi). The cookbook is preinstalled in the
```

Missed one!

## Getting Started

> The easiest way to use the COSIMA Cookbook is through NCI's HPC systems (either via the Australian Research Environment (ARE), Open OnDemand (OOD), or on Gadi). The cookbook is preinstalled in the latest `conda/analysis3` environment.

Reviewer: missed this line

Author: Should we ditch OOD?

Reviewer 2: I believe OOD is being deprecated, but no idea of the timeframe.

Author: nuked OOD

## Getting Started

The easiest way to use the COSIMA Cookbook is through NCI's HPC systems (either via the Australian Research Environment (ARE), Open OnDemand (OOD), or on Gadi). The cookbook is preinstalled in the latest `conda/analysis3` environment.

Once you have an NCI account you can connect via

> - the Open OnDemand (OOD) following instructions at instructions at https://ood.nci.org.au and also at https://opus.nci.org.au/display/DAE/COSIMA+Cookbook

Author: ```suggestion
```
